README.md, before:

# DevTinder

-   Create a Vite + React application
-   Remove unneccessary code and create a Hello World app
-   Install Tailwind CSS
-   Install Daisy UI
-   Add NavBar component to App.jsx
-   Create a NavBar.jsx separate component file
-   Install React Router DOM
-   Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route=/ Body > RouteChildren
-   Create an Outlet in your Body Component
-   Create a footer
-   Create a Login Page
-   Install axios
-   CORS - install cors in backend => add middleware to app.js with configurations: origin and credentials: true
-   Whenever you're making API call so pass axios => {withCredentials: true}
-   Install react-redux + @redux/toolkit - https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
-   ConfigureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store
-   Add redux devtools in chrome
-   Login and see if your data is coming properly in the store
-   NavBar should update as soon as user logs in
-   Refactor our code to add constants file + create a components folder

Body

-   NavBar
-   Route=/ => Feed
-   Route=/login => Login
-   Route=/connections => Connections
-   Route=/proile => Profile

Commit message:

redirect to login if not authenticated

README.md, after:

# DevTinder

-   Create a Vite + React application
-   Remove unneccessary code and create a Hello World app
-   Install Tailwind CSS
-   Install Daisy UI
-   Add NavBar component to App.jsx
-   Create a NavBar.jsx separate component file
-   Install React Router DOM
-   Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route=/ Body > RouteChildren
-   Create an Outlet in your Body Component
-   Create a footer
-   Create a Login Page
-   Install axios
-   CORS - install cors in backend => add middleware to app.js with configurations: origin and credentials: true
-   Whenever you're making API call so pass axios => {withCredentials: true}
-   Install react-redux + @redux/toolkit - https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
-   ConfigureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store
-   Add redux devtools in chrome
-   Login and see if your data is coming properly in the store
-   NavBar should update as soon as user logs in
-   Refactor our code to add constants file + create a components folder
-   You should not be able to access other routes without login
-   If token is not present, redirect user to login page

Body

-   NavBar
-   Route=/ => Feed
-   Route=/login => Login
-   Route=/connections => Connections
-   Route=/proile => Profile
